i'm going to explain a horror fantasy
movie called legion spoilers ahead keep
watching till the end
[Music]
the movie opens with a vast barren land
scene with a woman's voice in the
background solemn and weary
the next scene is in los angeles on the
23rd of december at 102 am
there is darkness filled with chaotic
sounds then comes michael falling from
the sky he starts peeling off his coat
which reveals his wings
the next scene shows a guard inside a
shop with a flashlight as he bends down
to pick a toy michael jumps on top of
him and kills him he then uses a fishing
wire to stitch the horrendous holes on
his back left by the detachment
michael races along with racks and racks
of guns searching for weapons
meanwhile two cops burton and estevez
patrol downtown in their police cars
a loud explosion commences almost right
in front of them
michael appears from the smoke he is
carrying two huge sports bags the cops
ordered him to drop the bags and to
position his hands behind his head
estevez slowly approached him they
attempted to cough his hands but michael
grabs him to be used as a human shield
burton points the gun towards michael
and commands him to let go of his
partner
burton suddenly had his head shaking
like crazy the now possessed burden
reminds and warns michael that this was
not god's orders given to him
burton shoots estevez and michael then
kills the possessed cop leaving both
cops lifeless he picks both bags and
drives away in the police car
in the next scene g panson bolts awake
from a bad dream he's breathing deep and
is covered with sweat
he gets up from bed steps out of one of
the trailers
he gazes up to the diner's roof where a
large sign glow's paradise falls
then comes charlie a pregnant girl she
asks jeep if he is all right and says
she couldn't sleep because of the baby
kicking they have a conversation about
how he worries about her too much
jeep says that he believes that she can
be better with him and raise the baby
together
charlie pants him on the shoulders and
leaves
it is the following day bob is shown
trying to fix the tv
meanwhile percy is seen cooking on the
grill
on the other side of the diner we see a
beautiful girl audrey she's leaning over
a jukebox howard and sandra anderson are
both disgusted as they see their
daughters sway her hips to the beat
a blazed desert path
a black cadillac is seen driven by kyle
he passes a weathered road sign he
checks the map and pulls over
leaning next to the broken telephones is
charlie
kyle grabs a crumpled hand-drawn map he
shows it to the pregnant charlie who is
smoking he also says that smoking is not
going to do any good for the baby
both charlie and kyle enter the diner
charlie then gives a pack of cigarettes
to kyle
kyle asks bob if he can use his phone
howard butts in to ask when his car will
be fixed bob goes out of the diner and
into the mechanics bay he finds out that
jeep is not doing his job fixing the car
instead he's seen cleaning up a small
crib for charlie
bob becomes upset he confronts jeep
about what he is doing with his life and
about his obsession towards charlie
bob believes that it is time for him to
leave the place
jeep says that he is constantly having
dreams about charlie
bob tells him that he had the same
visions when he was young
dark clouds form and fill the horizon to
the south
jeep turns his gaze up to the north
highway meanwhile back in the diner the
tv is on snow screen
bob gives it a final wallop it snaps
into the graphic of the emergency
broadcast system
the tv also made its hollow tone which
fills the diner percy's old
battery-powered radio also did the same
thing
audrey speculates that it could be a
terrorist attack bob calms everyone down
a beat-up 80s cutlass supreme pulls off
the highway an old lady steps out of the
car
grandma enters the diner she orders her
food and comments on how unusual the
name charlie is for a girl the old woman
smiles at the andersons she introduces
herself as gladys as sandra tells her
what happened earlier she says that
things will be over soon
jeep enters the diner he quietly huddled
with bob about the car's condition he
says that it'd take time to fix the car
bob is upset about the news charlie
hands over the order next is a sudden
turn of offense gladys starts cursing
she says that babies should burn
including charlie's
sandra tries silencing gladys but fails
gladys calls her a sea who constantly
complains
they're shocked and stirred by what
gladys said
howard stands and tries making gladys
apologize gladys lunges towards howard
and takes a bite out of his neck he
crumbles to the floor
percy throws a pan at the old woman it
breaks her neck surprisingly she is
still standing she jumps and starts
walking on the wall and up to the
ceiling like a lizard
bob is shooting his shotgun she lands
right in front of bob slaps him and
knocks him unconscious
jeep snatches the gun and aims at
grandma but cannot pull the trigger
suddenly three gunshots come from behind
gladys falls to the ground it's kyle
with his gun
sandra runs to howard and screams for
someone to help her they frantically
carry howard to the escalade kyle drives
as fast as he can
audrey noticed the dark clouds numbers
of flies begin to hit the windshield the
car enters the swarm everyone is
screaming
jeep is puking into a toilet bowl bob is
tending his sore cheek
jeep wishes he pulled the trigger
earlier bob comforts his son by telling
him that it was all right they hear the
sound of the front door chimes they
carry howard into the diner all of them
gasping for air
percy races to get his bible and start
praying as bob looks up he sees the
swarm of flies the sky plunges into
blackness they cover gladys's body and
take her out a police cruiser skids to a
wild stop in front of the restaurant it
was michael
charlie's face lit up as she saw the
police car she runs outside to him
charlie freezes a few feet from the car
when she sees the piercing eyes of
michael
bob raises his shotgun and demands
michael to show his teeth
michael lets out a dangerous smile he
snatches the gun from bob
michael tells them that they do not have
much time and possessed people like
gladys will arrive in no time michael
opens the car's trunk he distributes the
weapons
that night everyone was very alarmed the
room goes out of power it was pitch
black as everyone goes up the roof they
hear eerie music
an ice cream truck drives slowly toward
the diner
a tall figure steps out of the van the
ice cream man is unnaturally thin and he
bolts to the diner with startling speed
michael and the men start firing bullets
rip into the creature's body it knocks
him on his back arms and legs still
twitching
they look around to see numerous
headlights appear from the darkness it's
a parade of commuters the men let loose
with ferocious firepower
vehicles swerve and collide with one
another tires blow out and engines crash
charlie is ready to shoot holding the
gun
suddenly the window shatters something
gets a hold of howard's body sandra
dives for howard's stretched hands it
was a teenager about audrey's age
howard screams as his body is
torturously stretched another disfigured
man punches through the window it grabs
charlie's hands
jeep comes to the rescue and grabs her
free arm just before she's pulled
through
michael had then disarmed the possessed
jeep and charlie scoot away from the
window as michael lit up the night with
successive firepower
howard is split from his family's hands
and out of the window the dark figures
started to pull back
after the incident bob demands some
explanation of what was going on michael
told them that this is extermination
that the weakest willed are the easiest
to turn
michael also says that their beliefs do
not matter as the only thing that
matters is the safety of charlie's baby
this intrigued charlie she says that she
is just a regular waitress not worthy of
any saving the fallen angel stressed
that she bears the child who is the only
hope for mankind the messiah
percy and kyle are on the roof guarding
they're surrounded by coldness meanwhile
in the kitchen bob is cooking while
sandra stares blankly at her
prescriptions
bob notices how distressed sandra is and
offers a can of beer it reminded her of
howard and how he was the beer drinker
in the family
sandra burst into tears
jeep and michael have a conversation
about everything going on and about
michael's past
he said that jeep is one of the reasons
he is doing this right now
after the talk michael heads to the roof
there is a faint glint of sunlight
michael is searching the horizon for
movement it reminds him of a few things
sandra wakes up hearing the voice of
howard calling her percy runs to get a
hold of sandra just a few feet away from
the nailed husband
howard's body covered with boils and
pustules explodes shooting acidic juice
around him they went back inside the
diner percy came to a stop and fell the
backside of his body is melted by the
acid he dies
sandra was tied to a chair audrey tunes
the radio for the hint of a voice
michael counters everyone's belief that
they can head to red rock national for
refuge saying it's too dangerous
that night the second wave of possessed
attacks kyle is lured out and killed by
a trap the invasion of a possessed boy
pushes and panics charlie into labor
audrey and michael help her deliver the
baby
in fear sandra breaks her restraints and
decides to give the baby to the
possessed a spectral light pours into
the diner michael guns her down
gabriel then enters the diner he slices
bob's torso with his razor-sharp wings
michael urges the group to leave
find the prophets learn to read the
instructions he instructs jeep
despite their best efforts the hordes of
possessed humans are unable to approach
charlie's baby
jeep charlie audrey and the baby make
their way to michael's car
gabriel and michael fight to a
standstill it ends with gabriel stabbing
michael through the chest with his mace
michael dies and his body disappears
bob ignites the diner's gas main and
blows up the
restaurant gabriel emerges and swoops
down on the speeding vehicle
audrey jumps on him and yells at jeep to
slam on the brakes as he tries to reach
charlie
gabriel corners the three in the nearby
mountains he is about to kill them
michael falls from heaven as an angel
once more he stops gabriel michael also
says that everything that happened so
far was part of god's plan to test his
angels and gabriel failed him
he slices gabriel's stomach rendering
him immobile
ashamed gabriel disappears
michael tells jeep that he is the
child's true protector and that they
will see him again
michael then flies
off charlie and jeep make it to the top
of the mountains they see a small town
in the valley below
the last view depicts a happy family
with a woman's voice in the background
it narrates that the birth of her son
marks the start of a new beginning for
humanity
well that's all for the video make sure
you subscribe for more of these